This is the front end for the content management system group project.

Links:
[Back-end Repo URL](https://github.com/squirtle-squadron/cms-api)
[Deployed Front end URL](https://squirtle-squadron.github.io/cms/#)

Description:
  Our application is a both place for a user to create their own content blog
about whatever they want. As well as if they're feeling a bit more adventurous
they can make their own content page. The page is a little more content then the
blog itself and allows for slightly more customization. However, it is still
simple enough to allow a non technical user to create and customize. We have set
some basic parameters they can use to change the display they way they like.

Tech:
  The technologies we used included Express, Handlebars, Mongoose, MongoDB, Node
html, scss, javascript, jquery, and bootstrap just to name a few. We utilized a
combination of Express, Mongo, Mongoose, and Node to structure our back-end
database and Html, Scss, Javascript, Handlebars, Jquery, and Bootstrap to
structure the front-end.

Approach:
  Coming into this project as a fresh to each other team, the first step we
needed to take was getting to know each others wrok styles. We did this, becuase
we quickly realized that this project was more then just our efforts as
developers. It became more about learning and growing as a team. This was
probably the biggest challenge of the project itself. Not only to be learning
how as developers teamwork goes, but also as a new group itself. Learning our
stratagy to a good work flow was a huge accomplishment both individually, and as
a group.

  After overcoming the new dynamic of working as a group, our next step was
breaking down the project. We had to break it down into steps and after the
first day it became much clearer what our pace should be. Of course starting a
new project everyone has ideas of grandure and wants to implement everything
cool we think of. So the first step to this was developing our scope for the
project. With this defined we could decide what was needed for the success of
the application and what could be implemented later as stretch goals.

  We then broke it down via what was part of the back-end or front-end. Once we
had a game plan we started work on the back end as a team. Since we felt we had
a better structured game plan for the back end, stated there. After we broke
down and tested the user model to make sure everything was set up correctly
there, we broke into teams of two and each tackled a model. One was for our blog
post and then the second was for our pages. Once that was done and working on
the back-end, we moved forward to the front-end.

  With the front end we broke it up a lot more. 
